feat: update adr 41 (#23)
decentraland/adr: docs/ADR-41-collection-items-approval-flow-enhancement.md

- The collection smart contract won't suffer any changes. The committee members will use the `rescueItem` method to put the content hash of each item. For the time being the rescue method is only used to [revert an item to a previous version](https://github.com/decentraland/adr/blob/main/docs/ADR-32-wearable-committee-reverts.md)

- The committee members will do:

  1. The committee members will send a transaction using the methods `rescuesItem`. To set the item's content hash.
  2. The committee members will upload the items to the catalyst. The items must have the some content hash submitted to the blockchain.
  3. The committee member will send a transaction using the method `setApproved` to approve the collection after the items are uploaded to the catalyst.

_These two transactions will simulate an `approve(hash)`._

Check [here](https://github.com/decentraland/wearables-contracts/blob/master/Collections_V2_Actors.md) for further reference of smart contracts.

> - The catalyst will accept entities (items) if they content hashes are in the blockchain. The entity will be deployed by anyone. Changes will be needed [here](https://github.com/decentraland/catalyst/blob/3098701a42f0656dc595e653694abf4f7f418bee/content/src/service/access/AccessCheckerForWearables.ts#L119). Catalysts will need to hash all the entries of the entitiy except from the timestamp (`entitiyHashWithoutTimestamp`). This way, when the user deploys the entity to the catalyst, the catalyst will check if the item's content hash in the blockchain is equal to the `entitiyHashWithoutTimestamp` in the same timestamp/block where the deployment occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The catalyst will accept entities (items) if their content hashes are in the blockchain. The entity will be deployed by anyone. Changes will be needed [here](https://github.com/decentraland/catalyst/blob/3098701a42f0656dc595e653694abf4f7f418bee/content/src/service/access/AccessCheckerForWearables.ts#L119). Catalysts will need to hash all the entries of the entitiy except from the timestamp (`entitiyHashWithoutTimestamp`). This way, when the user deploys the entity to the catalyst, the catalyst will check if the item's content hash in the blockchain is equal to the `entitiyHashWithoutTimestamp` in the same timestamp/block where the deployment occurs.
```

> - The catalyst will accept entities (items) if they content hashes are in the blockchain. The entity will be deployed by anyone. Changes will be needed [here](https://github.com/decentraland/catalyst/blob/3098701a42f0656dc595e653694abf4f7f418bee/content/src/service/access/AccessCheckerForWearables.ts#L119). Catalysts will need to hash all the entries of the entitiy except from the timestamp (`entitiyHashWithoutTimestamp`). This way, when the user deploys the entity to the catalyst, the catalyst will check if the item's content hash in the blockchain is equal to the `entitiyHashWithoutTimestamp` in the same timestamp/block where the deployment occurs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The catalyst will accept entities (items) if the content hashes are reflected in the blockchain. The entity will be deployed without signature restrictions, that is, any account can sign the deployment. Changes will be needed [here](https://github.com/decentraland/catalyst/blob/3098701a42f0656dc595e653694abf4f7f418bee/content/src/service/access/AccessCheckerForWearables.ts#L119). Catalysts will need to hash the metadata and the contents of the entitiy as stated in [ADR-32](ADR-32-wearable-committee-reverts.md) (`contentHash`). This way, when the user deploys the entity to the catalyst, the catalyst will check if the item's content hash in the blockchain is equal to the `contentHash` in the same timestamp/block where the deployment occurs.
```

Reviewer 2: Added correct hashing to match ADR-32
